okay again a nice horse really natural
rhythm so we actually follow scales our
training and you think about at least a
rhythm must be the first thing and this
is one thing certainly with this horse
in the truck he has natural rhythm and
have to make retinal and also what you
can see is the fact that this horse does
not need speed to move so if you have to
ride really forward to get the horse to
move then it just shows that the natural
swings not there and this source even
when I just go slowly you can still teal
as swinging good and then if I go
forward again and the really good
reaction the rhythm just gets bigger not
running and then slow again and when
someone's there see you when you're
riding you always have to think about a
lot of transit
then even just doing it slow and then
forward again there's a transition and
you can see how the horse moves uphill
and again really nice in his back when I
sit so sitting shouldn't be making you
go and he's sitting the hole should be
comfortable the hole should be swinging
in the back and should be easy to do so
a very big Cantor as you can see not so
you going to need a little bit of time
just for the connection which is big
places take a little bit more time to
connect but again very obvious what a
really good strong three be Cantor the
lighter he is on the hand does that if
you're dealing with the city
but he's a horse with
what I'm feeling is a good work ethic so
that's also important a horse that I
don't have to motivate he's
self-motivated and he wants there to
move he's not so easy to keep straight
but that is because again it's a big
striding officer but if you're just
talking about the pace of the canter
stop good possibilities
so
let's give you a relaxed yes it feels
really relaxed
I mean you see Grand Prix horses like in
these situations that aren't as relaxed
as this sorted sir
but even work and I like that a lot the
walk also gives me a good feeling
in fact
you could walk all the way to Copenhagen
on this horse this is that country and
swinging and he's not pulling and please
relax so I love it very much thank you
so again do you know I said already I
really enjoy riding that horse he feels
strong and natural and motivating so for
me potentially again I would certainly
give it a 9.5 and I think but I've been
trained ability has to calm down a
little bit because still everything's so
big so you know he has to learn to
collect and get shorter and be able to
carry himself all especially in the
cancer but potentially for the future
he's lovely
the Train ability at the moment give him
an 8 just so that he has that time to
develop more which I'm sure let's just
train that's up to you